fix pan-os-list-applications command bug (#18853)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_12_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Fixed an issue where the **pan-os-list-applications** command failed when running on a PAN-OS instance that its version is 9 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***pan-os-list-applications*** command failed when running on a PAN-OS instance that its version is 9 or higher.
```

> - fixed an issue where the command **pan-os-list-applications** failed when running on panorama instance that its version is nine and above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **pan-os-list-applications** command failed when running on a PAN-OS instance that its version is 9 or higher.
```
